README.md, before:

# C Piscine @ 42 Málaga
This repository contains coding developed at [42 Málaga's](https://www.42malaga.com/) C Piscine, from 4/July/2022 to 29/July/2022.

## What is 42?
42 is the answer to the Ultimate Question of Life, The Universe and Everything. (Quoted from The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy by Douglas Adams). 

Jokes aside, 42 is a global free education initiative that provides an innovative way of learning coding with: 
- No teachers.
- Peer to peer learning. With a methodology that develops both computing and life skills.
- Open 24/7.

The C Piscine is a 26-day C programming bootcamp, that also acts as the last stage in the selection process for becoming a cursus student.

# Skills developed at C Piscine
## Hard-skills
### Shell
	The first two projects of the bootcamp are dedicated to learning basic to intermediate
	shell commands to seamlessly navigate through the terminal.
 
### C Language
	Is the primary language learned at the Piscine: Creating functions and programs, dealing with variables,
	pointers, memory allocation, loops, and creation of libraries.

### Git
	All projects are submitted via a remote git repository, demanding students to
	be at ease with such system.

## Soft-skills
### Learning to learn
````
At 42, self-learning is at the core of its peer to peer learning methodology. Without teachers, 
the learning process is based on googling, enquiring your classmates, and empirical knowledge. 
At the end of the day it's UP 2 U, and each student learns at their own pace.
````
### Teamwork
	On weekends, a 48h team project called "Rush" is proposed. A 3-member group is randomly
	chosen by the school's system and must collaboratively develop a fully running application.
	The major challenge here is to equalize the different knowledge levels while finding a
	common work methodology that allows all team members to contribute to the project.

### Time management and resiliency
	The facilities are open 24/7. Therefore, candidates are able to work whenever
	they want, which demands excellent time management skills and resiliency for not
	"drowning" amid the massive load of work demanded by the non-stop 26-day program.

Commit message:

Added link to the Spanish version

README.md, after:

# C Piscine @ 42 Málaga
This repository contains coding developed at [42 Málaga's](https://www.42malaga.com/) C Piscine, from 4/July/2022 to 29/July/2022.

:es: To read the Spanish version check [README-ES.md](https://github.com/IggyNP/42-Piscine-C/blob/main/README-ES.md) out. :es:

## What is 42?
42 is the answer to the Ultimate Question of Life, The Universe and Everything. (Quoted from The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy by Douglas Adams). 

Jokes aside, 42 is a global free education initiative that provides an innovative way of learning coding with: 
- No teachers.
- Peer to peer learning. With a methodology that develops both computing and life skills.
- Open 24/7.

The C Piscine is a 26-day C programming bootcamp, that also acts as the last stage in the selection process for becoming a cursus student.

# Skills developed at C Piscine
## Hard-skills
### Shell
	The first two projects of the bootcamp are dedicated to learning basic to intermediate
	shell commands to seamlessly navigate through the terminal.
 
### C Language
	Is the primary language learned at the Piscine: Creating functions and programs, dealing with variables,
	pointers, memory allocation, loops, and creation of libraries.

### Git
	All projects are submitted via a remote git repository, demanding students to
	be at ease with such system.

## Soft-skills
### Learning to learn
````
At 42, self-learning is at the core of its peer to peer learning methodology. Without teachers, 
the learning process is based on googling, enquiring your classmates, and empirical knowledge. 
At the end of the day it's UP 2 U, and each student learns at their own pace.
````
### Teamwork
	On weekends, a 48h team project called "Rush" is proposed. A 3-member group is randomly
	chosen by the school's system and must collaboratively develop a fully running application.
	The major challenge here is to equalize the different knowledge levels while finding a
	common work methodology that allows all team members to contribute to the project.

### Time management and resiliency
	The facilities are open 24/7. Therefore, candidates are able to work whenever
	they want, which demands excellent time management skills and resiliency for not
	"drowning" amid the massive load of work demanded by the non-stop 26-day program.
